account_move_line_stock_info/README.rst, before:

============================
Account Move Line Stock Info
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:19331c4f3951bb249fceaf21453d2d7b432e7261784e7b9b486462179157a341
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/17.0/account_move_line_stock_info
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-17-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-17-0-account_move_line_stock_info
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the stock move to the account move lines that it
generates.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

-  The stock manager can check the journal items by accessing to
   'Inventory > Reports > Stock moves'.
-  A user belonging to the group 'Show Full Accounting Features' can
   review the details of a move that is associated to a journal item
   through 'Invoicing > Accounting > Journal Entries (or Journal
   items)'.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20account_move_line_stock_info%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
------------

-  Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>
-  Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
-  Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>
-  Joan Mateu <joan.mateu@forgeflow.com>
-  Ángel Tornero Hernández <angel.tornero@braintec.com>
   (https://braintec.com)
-  Nadal Francisco Garcia <nadal.francisco@braintec.com>
   (https://braintec.com)

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/17.0/account_move_line_stock_info>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] account_move_line_stock_info: Migration to 17.0
* Minor adjustments
* Attrs substitution
* Readme update
* Add the journal items to the simlified operations form view

Co-authored-by: stefan@opener.amsterdam

account_move_line_stock_info/README.rst, after:

============================
Account Move Line Stock Info
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:19331c4f3951bb249fceaf21453d2d7b432e7261784e7b9b486462179157a341
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/17.0/account_move_line_stock_info
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-17-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-17-0-account_move_line_stock_info
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the stock move to the account move lines that it
generates.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

-  A user that has access to the inventory app plus at least readonly
   access to the accounting features can view the stock move of each
   journal item or journal entry as a column of the journal item tree
   view. It is hidden by default. The field is also visible on the
   journal item form view.
-  Similarly, a user that has access to both the accounting app and the
   inventory app can inspect the journal items related to a stock move
   by clicking on the operations of a validated transfer. This will open
   the simplified form view of the stock move. If there are any related
   (valuation) journal items, they will be visible under the operation
   detail lines.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20account_move_line_stock_info%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
------------

-  Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>
-  Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
-  Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>
-  Joan Mateu <joan.mateu@forgeflow.com>
-  Ángel Tornero Hernández <angel.tornero@braintec.com>
   (https://braintec.com)
-  Nadal Francisco Garcia <nadal.francisco@braintec.com>
   (https://braintec.com)

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/17.0/account_move_line_stock_info>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
