stock_inventory_discrepancy/README.rst, before:

===========================
Stock Inventory Discrepancy
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f641b413629bafcfd49b92f193419c1f3b79b143737dd5c7bad281002266fdd8
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_inventory_discrepancy
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_inventory_discrepancy
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Adds the capability to show the discrepancy of every line in an inventory and
to block the inventory validation (setting it as 'Pending to Approve') when the
discrepancy is greater than an user defined threshold.

Only new group "Validate All inventory Adjustments" will be able to force the
validation of those blocked inventories. By default, Stock manager will belong
to this group. In addition, Stock Users can validate inventories under the
threshold now.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

#. Go to "Inventory > Warehouse Management" > Warehouses" or to "Inventory >
   Warehouse Management" > Locations".
#. Modify the "Maximum Discrepancy Rate Threshold" either in a Warehouse or
   in a location. If set to 0.0 in both the threshold is disabled.

Usage
=====

If you configured a "Maximum Discrepancy Rate Threshold".

#. When validating an Inventory Adjustment if some line exceed the Discrepancy
   Threshold the system will set the inventory's state to 'Pending to Approve'
   and show the quantity of lines that exceed the threshold.
#. If both WH and location thresholds are configured, the location one has
   preference.
#. The user with "Validate All inventory Adjustments" rights can force the
   validation of an inventory pending to approve.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_inventory_discrepancy%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Andreas Dian Sukarno Putro <andreasdian777@gmail.com>
* Bhavesh Odedra <bodedra@opensourceintegrators.com>
* Héctor Villarreal <hector.villarreal@forgeflow.com>
* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Ernesto Tejeda
  * Carolina Fernandez

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_inventory_discrepancy>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_inventory_discrepancy: add system parameter configuration for enabling discrepancy check

stock_inventory_discrepancy/README.rst, after:

===========================
Stock Inventory Discrepancy
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f641b413629bafcfd49b92f193419c1f3b79b143737dd5c7bad281002266fdd8
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_inventory_discrepancy
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_inventory_discrepancy
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Adds the capability to show the discrepancy of every line in an inventory and
to block the inventory validation (setting it as 'Pending to Approve') when the
discrepancy is greater than an user defined threshold.

Only new group "Validate All inventory Adjustments" will be able to force the
validation of those blocked inventories. By default, Stock manager will belong
to this group. In addition, Stock Users can validate inventories under the
threshold now.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

#. Go to "Inventory > Warehouse Management" > Warehouses" or to "Inventory >
   Warehouse Management" > Locations".
#. Modify the "Maximum Discrepancy Rate Threshold" either in a Warehouse or
   in a location. If set to 0.0 in both the threshold is disabled.

If necessary, update the "Inventory Discrepancy Control" under "Inventory > Settings" to enable or disable inventory discrepancy (enabled by default).

Usage
=====

If you configured a "Maximum Discrepancy Rate Threshold".

#. When validating an Inventory Adjustment if some line exceed the Discrepancy
   Threshold the system will set the inventory's state to 'Pending to Approve'
   and show the quantity of lines that exceed the threshold.
#. If both WH and location thresholds are configured, the location one has
   preference.
#. The user with "Validate All inventory Adjustments" rights can force the
   validation of an inventory pending to approve.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_inventory_discrepancy%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Andreas Dian Sukarno Putro <andreasdian777@gmail.com>
* Bhavesh Odedra <bodedra@opensourceintegrators.com>
* Héctor Villarreal <hector.villarreal@forgeflow.com>
* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Ernesto Tejeda
  * Carolina Fernandez

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_inventory_discrepancy>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
