stock_packaging_calculator/README.rst, before:

==========================
Stock packaging calculator
==========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:355bc67eed8ca907e517b4a8f46ac6b8a8e685664f2342d6d12fa7fc79a05b38
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/17.0/stock_packaging_calculator
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-17-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-17-0-stock_packaging_calculator
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Basic module providing an helper method to calculate the quantity of
product by packaging.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Imagine you have the following packagings:

-  Pallet: 1000 Units
-  Big box: 500 Units
-  Box: 50 Units

and you have to pick from your warehouse 2860 Units.

Then you can do:

   ::

      >>> product.product_qty_by_packaging(2860)

      [
          {"id": 1, "qty": 2, "name": "Pallet"},
          {"id": 2, "qty": 1, "name": "Big box"},
          {"id": 3, "qty": 7, "name": "Box"},
          {"id": 100, "qty": 10, "name": "Units"},
      ]

With this you can show a proper message to warehouse operators to
quickly pick the quantity they need.

Optionally you can get contained packaging by passing with_contained
flag:

   ::

      >>> product.product_qty_by_packaging(2860, with_contained=True)

      [
          {"id": 1, "qty": 2, "name": "Pallet", "contained": [{"id": 2, "qty": 2, "name": "Big box"}]},
          {"id": 2, "qty": 1, "name": "Big box", "contained": [{"id": 3, "qty": 10, "name": "Box"}]},
          {"id": 3, "qty": 7, "name": "Box", "contained": [{"id": 100, "qty": 50, "name": "Units"}]},
          {"id": 100, "qty": 10, "name": "Units", "contained": []},},
      ]

Known issues / Roadmap
======================



Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_packaging_calculator%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
-  Christopher Ormaza <chris.ormaza@forgeflow.com>
-  Nguyen Minh Chien <chien@trobz.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/17.0/stock_packaging_calculator>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] stock_packaging_calculator: Migration to 18.0

stock_packaging_calculator/README.rst, after:

==========================
Stock packaging calculator
==========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:355bc67eed8ca907e517b4a8f46ac6b8a8e685664f2342d6d12fa7fc79a05b38
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/18.0/stock_packaging_calculator
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-18-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-18-0-stock_packaging_calculator
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Basic module providing an helper method to calculate the quantity of
product by packaging.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Imagine you have the following packagings:

-  Pallet: 1000 Units
-  Big box: 500 Units
-  Box: 50 Units

and you have to pick from your warehouse 2860 Units.

Then you can do:

   ::

      >>> product.product_qty_by_packaging(2860)

      [
          {"id": 1, "qty": 2, "name": "Pallet"},
          {"id": 2, "qty": 1, "name": "Big box"},
          {"id": 3, "qty": 7, "name": "Box"},
          {"id": 100, "qty": 10, "name": "Units"},
      ]

With this you can show a proper message to warehouse operators to
quickly pick the quantity they need.

Optionally you can get contained packaging by passing with_contained
flag:

   ::

      >>> product.product_qty_by_packaging(2860, with_contained=True)

      [
          {"id": 1, "qty": 2, "name": "Pallet", "contained": [{"id": 2, "qty": 2, "name": "Big box"}]},
          {"id": 2, "qty": 1, "name": "Big box", "contained": [{"id": 3, "qty": 10, "name": "Box"}]},
          {"id": 3, "qty": 7, "name": "Box", "contained": [{"id": 100, "qty": 50, "name": "Units"}]},
          {"id": 100, "qty": 10, "name": "Units", "contained": []},},
      ]

Known issues / Roadmap
======================



Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_packaging_calculator%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
-  Christopher Ormaza <chris.ormaza@forgeflow.com>
-  Nguyen Minh Chien <chien@trobz.com>
-  Tran Quoc Duong <duongtq@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/18.0/stock_packaging_calculator>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
