stock_move_packaging_qty/README.rst, before:

===================
Stock Packaging Qty
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:ac3969cedf86da72ca20a93812053d6d9054a9f5d8e0c896eab57fe2b835eefc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_move_packaging_qty
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_move_packaging_qty
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add packaging fields in the stock moves and their reports.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_move_packaging_qty%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Mateu Griful <mateu.griful@forgeflow.com>
* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Jairo Llopis (`Moduon <https://www.moduon.team/>`__)

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-yajo| image:: https://github.com/yajo.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/yajo
    :alt: yajo

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-yajo| 

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_move_packaging_qty>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_move_packaging_qty: report done packaging qtys
The title sounds like a simple task, but it requires many changes:

- Store done pkg qtys in `stock.move.line` records.
- The qtys are not computed. Instead, the user must write them by hand. This happens because many times the packaging just indicates an approximate content, but is not always exact until reaching this point of the process, where both the done qtys (both UoM and packagings) are measured and get real values.
- Added compute and inverse on `stock.move` for simple scenarios where one move = one move line.
- Add all this on all reports and views.

This change also opens the door to be able to get a real inventory measured in product packagings. That's not implemented in this MVP, but the idea is recorded.

@moduon MT-5531

stock_move_packaging_qty/README.rst, after:

===================
Stock Packaging Qty
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:5b4005788a852d7f71c44042e6c8839be5963fd5d6ac95822b93c48c660a2730
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_move_packaging_qty
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_move_packaging_qty
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add packaging fields in the stock moves, their lines and their reports.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Maybe we should track also reserved packaging quantities?

* Since we store done product packaging quantities in the stock move lines, we
  should be able to use this information in quants to provide real
  packaging-based stock data.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_move_packaging_qty%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Mateu Griful <mateu.griful@forgeflow.com>
* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Jairo Llopis (`Moduon <https://www.moduon.team/>`__)

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-yajo| image:: https://github.com/yajo.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/yajo
    :alt: yajo

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-yajo| 

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_move_packaging_qty>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
