stock_scrap_location_default/README.rst, before:

============================
Stock Scrap Location Default
============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_scrap_location_default
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_scrap_location_default
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to define a default scrap location when creating a scrap.

By default, Odoo searches for the first location that is a scrap one. This
changes from the standard behavior.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

#. Go to Inventory > Settings > Warehouse
#. Check the box 'Storage Locations' if not yet activated.
#. Define a scrap location that will be used as default when doing scrap

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_scrap_location_default%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rousseldenis| image:: https://github.com/rousseldenis.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rousseldenis
    :alt: rousseldenis

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rousseldenis| 

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_scrap_location_default>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_scrap_location_default: Add ROADMAP to support multi-company/multi-warehouse

stock_scrap_location_default/README.rst, after:

============================
Stock Scrap Location Default
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1e13718cfd46ccd36f0efd4ae96f2d52be2df280f22ddef25dbb1e7655cec243
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_scrap_location_default
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_scrap_location_default
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to define a default scrap location when creating a scrap.

By default, Odoo searches for the first location that is a scrap one. This
changes from the standard behavior.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

#. Go to Inventory > Settings > Warehouse
#. Check the box 'Storage Locations' if not yet activated.
#. Define a scrap location that will be used as default when doing scrap

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

This module should be enhanced in order to support multi-company/mutli-warehouse.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_scrap_location_default%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rousseldenis| image:: https://github.com/rousseldenis.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rousseldenis
    :alt: rousseldenis

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rousseldenis| 

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_scrap_location_default>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
