stock_orderpoint_generator/README.rst, before:

=====================
Order point generator
=====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:7a12702fc7eacda2115540625b6160b3c78cf9b3a90a2f6f9b96f171a01f4f39
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_orderpoint_generator
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0-stock_orderpoint_generator
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add a wizard to configure reordering rules for multiple products in one go,
and allow to automatically update reordering rules from rule templates.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Reordering rule templates can be configured in "Inventory > Configuration >
Products > Reordering Rule Templates".

The frequency of the cron that updates the Reordering Rules can be configured
in "Settings > Technical > Automation > Scheduled Actions". The name of the
scheduled action is "Reordering Rule Templates Generator".

Usage
=====

By activating the "Create Rules Automatically" on a reordering rule template,
you are able to select a list of products. Any change on the template will then
be replicated on the products Reordering Rules. The change is not immediate as
it is processed by a scheduled action.

Aditionally, minimum and maximum quantity fields can be computed automatically
if desired for the set of products and according to the desired criteria for
the time range given. To do so:

#. In an Orderpoint template, check "Auto minimum" or "Auto maximum" or both.
#. The criteria fields for either one or another are visible now.
#. Select a time range of moves to evalute. For every product a history of
   the resulting stock for every move in such range and the location given
   on the Orderpoint template will be obtained.
#. Select a criteria method to compute the minimum o maximum quantity:

   - Maximum: the maximum stock value for the given period.
   - Most frequent: the median of the history of stock values for the specified
     range. Useful when a large amount of history values are obtained, as it
     tends to avoid deviation caused by extreme values in a common avarage.
   - Average: Arithmetic mean of the stock history.
   - Minimum: the minimum stock value for the given period.

Lastly, you can promptly create Reordering Rules for a product or a product
template using the "Reordering Rules Generator". Note that it will replace all
the existing rules for the product. You will usually not want to use this
feature on products that have Automatic Reordering Rules Templates.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_orderpoint_generator%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp
* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Matthieu Dietrich <matthieu.dietrich@camptocamp.com>
* Cyril Gaudin <cyril.gaudin@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Vicent Cubells
  * David Vidal
  * Víctor Martínez

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_orderpoint_generator>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] stock_orderpoint_generator: Moved field "use product domain" from reordering Rule Form to Stock configuration
Before
------

Field "use product domain" managed on the fields "Product domain" and "Product" of the form.

Now
---

Field "use product domain" moved to Stock configuration

- if setting is disabled (standard), behavior remains current one
- if flag is enabled:

in all "reordering rule template" records the "Product" table is not displayed and emptied a "Product domain" field is visible

Add test coverage for this case.

stock_orderpoint_generator/README.rst, after:

=====================
Order point generator
=====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:52147c6f137082089a3a2dd0fb21ef909b66145f81d249a4a7e197de35fe5bbf
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_orderpoint_generator
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0-stock_orderpoint_generator
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add a wizard to configure reordering rules for multiple products in one go,
and allow to automatically update reordering rules from rule templates.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Reordering rule templates can be configured in "Inventory > Configuration >
Products > Reordering Rule Templates".

The frequency of the cron that updates the Reordering Rules can be configured
in "Settings > Technical > Automation > Scheduled Actions". The name of the
scheduled action is "Reordering Rule Templates Generator".

Usage
=====

By activating the "Create Rules Automatically" on a reordering rule template,
you are able to select a list of products. Any change on the template will then
be replicated on the products Reordering Rules. The change is not immediate as
it is processed by a scheduled action.

Aditionally, minimum and maximum quantity fields can be computed automatically
if desired for the set of products and according to the desired criteria for
the time range given. To do so:

#. In an Orderpoint template, check "Auto minimum" or "Auto maximum" or both.
#. The criteria fields for either one or another are visible now.
#. Select a time range of moves to evalute. For every product a history of
   the resulting stock for every move in such range and the location given
   on the Orderpoint template will be obtained.
#. Select a criteria method to compute the minimum o maximum quantity:

   - Maximum: the maximum stock value for the given period.
   - Most frequent: the median of the history of stock values for the specified
     range. Useful when a large amount of history values are obtained, as it
     tends to avoid deviation caused by extreme values in a common avarage.
   - Average: Arithmetic mean of the stock history.
   - Minimum: the minimum stock value for the given period.

Lastly, you can promptly create Reordering Rules for a product or a product
template using the "Reordering Rules Generator". Note that it will replace all
the existing rules for the product. You will usually not want to use this
feature on products that have Automatic Reordering Rules Templates.


Fields "Trigger" and "Preferred Route"

If Preferred rule set in template is not available for product, do not add it on automatic generation. 
Once "Automatic Generation" is enabled, let's display a flag "Use product domain in Reordering Rule Templates" in stock configuration : 

- if setting is disabled (standard), behavior remains current one
- if flag is enabled:

in all "reordering rule template" records the "Product" table is not displayed and emptied

a "Product domain" field is visible

Rules are created only for products in domain for that "Reordering Rule Template"

With this feature, user does not need to select products one by one, 
but can apply a domain of products for which a rule should be created automatically.




Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_orderpoint_generator%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp
* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Matthieu Dietrich <matthieu.dietrich@camptocamp.com>
* Cyril Gaudin <cyril.gaudin@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Vicent Cubells
  * David Vidal
  * Víctor Martínez

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_orderpoint_generator>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
