stock_reserve_area/README.rst, before:

======================
Stock Reservation Area
======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:5d126f162f768ffc57e67c9bc5f578f0910c9716e6bbd2750f0647cb8ccbca88
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_reserve_area
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_reserve_area
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allows to create reservation areas to manage stock globally on them.
In pickings that move a product out of the source location area,
before making the reservation in the location, the product needs to be available
and reserved in the area.

One location can be inside more than one area as long as the areas are concentric.
For example, there can be a Company level reserve area, inside of it an area for WH1 and inside
an area for Stock. Then, WH/Stock location will be inside  of these three areas at the same time.

The field "Area Reserved Availability" of moves, indicates the quantity that the
system has been able to reserve in all areas (the minimum reserved in the moves' areas).

Use case example:

You have customer demand in WH, and yet you don't want to necessary reserve the stock for that demand in a particular location upfront.
The delivery orders would place demand on WH/Output for example, where there's no stock.

Then, the warehouse people can decide to fulfill that demand later by organizing pickings from WH/Stock to WH/Output.

However, if you try to do that without this module, you cannot guarantee to the customer of a particular sales order that they will get the products they ordered.

With this module, as soon as the delivery order is created, an area level reservation (typicall area will be the whole warehouse) will take place, regardless if the local reservation has taken place yet.
That way we guarantee that new orders will not 'steal' from the previous ones.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To make a stock reservation:

#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Reservation Areas*.
#. Create your desired reservation areas.
#. Each time a picking with a source location inside one area and dest location out of
   it, the system will first make a reservation for the products in the area and then
   in the location.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_reserve_area%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `ForgeFlow <https://www.forgeflow.com>`_:

  * Maria de Luna <maria.de.luna@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_reserve_area>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_reserve_area: initialize reserve area data on demand + exclude MTO moves

stock_reserve_area/README.rst, after:

======================
Stock Reservation Area
======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:eb4c25b95926e4ed44e86563717b3e762f6cfa0583c55698708e0e4fc04f6b1e
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_reserve_area
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_reserve_area
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allows to create reservation areas to manage stock globally on them.
In pickings that move a product out of the source location area,
before making the reservation in the location, the product needs to be available
and reserved in the area.

One location can be inside more than one area as long as the areas are concentric.
For example, there can be a Company level reserve area, inside of it an area for WH1 and inside
an area for Stock. Then, WH/Stock location will be inside  of these three areas at the same time.

The field "Area Reserved Availability" of moves, indicates the quantity that the
system has been able to reserve in all areas (the minimum reserved in the moves' areas).

Use case example:

You have customer demand in WH, and yet you don't want to necessary reserve the stock for that demand in a particular location upfront.
The delivery orders would place demand on WH/Output for example, where there's no stock.

Then, the warehouse people can decide to fulfill that demand later by organizing pickings from WH/Stock to WH/Output.

However, if you try to do that without this module, you cannot guarantee to the customer of a particular sales order that they will get the products they ordered.

With this module, as soon as the delivery order is created, an area level reservation (typicall area will be the whole warehouse) will take place, regardless if the local reservation has taken place yet.
That way we guarantee that new orders will not 'steal' from the previous ones.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To make a stock reservation:

#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Reservation Areas*.
#. Create your desired reservation areas.
#. Use the menu 'Init Reserve Areas' to initialize all the reserve area data. This is done for performance of the initialization.
#. Each time a picking with a source location inside one area and dest location out of
   it, the system will first make a reservation for the products in the area and then
   in the location.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_reserve_area%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `ForgeFlow <https://www.forgeflow.com>`_:

  * Maria de Luna <maria.de.luna@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_reserve_area>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
